`l1_handler_execute` cheatcode (#459)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: docs/src/appendix/cheatcodes/l1_handler_execute.md

# `l1_handler_execute`

> `fn execute(self: L1Handler)`

Executes a `#[l1_handler]` function to mock a
[message](https://docs.starknet.io/documentation/architecture_and_concepts/L1-L2_Communication/messaging-mechanism/)
arriving from Ethereum.

```rust
struct L1Handler {
    contract_address: ContractAddress,
    function_name: felt252,
    from_address: felt252,
    fee: u128,
    payload: Span::<felt252>,
}
```

where:

- `contract_address` - The target contract address
- `function_name` - Name of the `#[l1_handler]` function
- `from_address` - Ethereum address of the contract that sends the message
- `fee` - The fees paid on L1
- `payload` - The message payload that may contain any Cairo data structure that can be serialized with
[Serde](https://book.cairo-lang.org/appendix-03-derivable-traits.html?highlight=serde#serializing-with-serde)

It is important to note that when executing the `l1_handler`,

> the `from_address` must always be checked as any L1 contract can call any L2 contract.

Reviewer: I am not sure what does it mean "must be checked" 🤔

Author: In the sense that, not checking this can be an important security consideration. But perhaps you're right some people want to do open messaging. :P

Author: Just reworded with a `may be checked`. If it's not relevant at this level of the documentation, let me know and I'll remove it.

Reviewer: I don't understand what exactly has to be checked

Author: The from_address argument, as you contract on L2 can receive L1HandlerTx from any L1 contract. As the official documentation always warn the user on this, I thought it was worthy to have a reminder here.

We can remove this sentence if you think it is not relevant in this context.

Reviewer 2: I'd keep this sentence, imo it makes sense

> For contract implementation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a contract implementation:
```

```rust
// ...
#[storage]
struct Storage {
    l1_allowed: felt252,
    //...
}

//...

#[l1_handler]
fn process_l1_message(ref self: ContractState, from_address: felt252, data: Span<felt252>) {
    assert(from_address == self.l1_allowed.read(), 'Unauthorized l1 contract');
}
// ...
```

> We can use `execute` method to test the execution of the `#[l1_handler]` function that is
> not available using a dispatcher:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can use `execute` method to test the execution of the `#[l1_handler]` function that is
not available through contracts dispatcher:
```
